here this word which I take up against
here this word which I take up against you a lamentation
you a lamentation
you a lamentation Oh house of Israel the Virgin of Israel
Oh house of Israel the Virgin of Israel
Oh house of Israel the Virgin of Israel has fallen
has fallen
has fallen she will rise no more she lies forsaken
she will rise no more she lies forsaken
she will rise no more she lies forsaken on her land there is no one to raise her
on her land there is no one to raise her
on her land there is no one to raise her up for thus says the Lord God the city
up for thus says the Lord God the city
up for thus says the Lord God the city that goes out by a thousand shall have a
that goes out by a thousand shall have a
that goes out by a thousand shall have a hundred left and that which goes out by
hundred left and that which goes out by
hundred left and that which goes out by a hundred shall have ten left to the
a hundred shall have ten left to the
a hundred shall have ten left to the house of Israel for thus says the Lord
house of Israel for thus says the Lord
house of Israel for thus says the Lord to the house of Israel seek me and live
to the house of Israel seek me and live
to the house of Israel seek me and live but do not seek Bethel nor enter Gilgal
but do not seek Bethel nor enter Gilgal
but do not seek Bethel nor enter Gilgal nor pass over to Beersheba for Gilgal
nor pass over to Beersheba for Gilgal
nor pass over to Beersheba for Gilgal shall surely go into captivity and
shall surely go into captivity and
shall surely go into captivity and Bethel shall come to nothing seek the
Bethel shall come to nothing seek the
Bethel shall come to nothing seek the Lord and live lest he break out like
Lord and live lest he break out like
Lord and live lest he break out like fire in the house of Joseph and devour
fire in the house of Joseph and devour
fire in the house of Joseph and devour it with no one to quench it in Bethel
it with no one to quench it in Bethel
it with no one to quench it in Bethel you who turned justice to wormwood and
you who turned justice to wormwood and
you who turned justice to wormwood and lay righteousness to rest in the earth
lay righteousness to rest in the earth
lay righteousness to rest in the earth he made the Pleiades and Orion he turns
he made the Pleiades and Orion he turns
he made the Pleiades and Orion he turns the shadow of death into mourning and
the shadow of death into mourning and
the shadow of death into mourning and makes the day dark as night he calls for
makes the day dark as night he calls for
makes the day dark as night he calls for the waters of the sea and pours them out
the waters of the sea and pours them out
the waters of the sea and pours them out on the face of the earth the Lord is his
on the face of the earth the Lord is his
on the face of the earth the Lord is his name he reigns ruin upon the strong so
name he reigns ruin upon the strong so
name he reigns ruin upon the strong so that fury comes upon the fortress they
that fury comes upon the fortress they
that fury comes upon the fortress they hate the one who rebukes in the gate and
hate the one who rebukes in the gate and
hate the one who rebukes in the gate and they abhor the one who speaks up rightly
they abhor the one who speaks up rightly
they abhor the one who speaks up rightly there
there
there because you tread down the poor and take
because you tread down the poor and take
because you tread down the poor and take grain taxes from him though you have
grain taxes from him though you have
grain taxes from him though you have built houses of Hume stone yet you shall
built houses of Hume stone yet you shall
built houses of Hume stone yet you shall not dwell in them you have planted
not dwell in them you have planted
not dwell in them you have planted Pleasant vineyards but you shall not
Pleasant vineyards but you shall not
Pleasant vineyards but you shall not drink wine from them for I know your
drink wine from them for I know your
drink wine from them for I know your manifold transgressions and your mighty
manifold transgressions and your mighty
manifold transgressions and your mighty sins afflicting the just and taking
sins afflicting the just and taking
sins afflicting the just and taking bribes diverting the poor from justice
bribes diverting the poor from justice
bribes diverting the poor from justice at the gate
at the gate
at the gate therefore the prudent keeps silent at
therefore the prudent keeps silent at
therefore the prudent keeps silent at that time for it is an evil time seek
that time for it is an evil time seek
that time for it is an evil time seek God and not evil that you may live so
God and not evil that you may live so
God and not evil that you may live so the Lord God of hosts will be with you
the Lord God of hosts will be with you
the Lord God of hosts will be with you as you have spoken hate evil love good
as you have spoken hate evil love good
as you have spoken hate evil love good establish justice in the gate it may be
establish justice in the gate it may be
establish justice in the gate it may be that the Lord God of hosts will be
that the Lord God of hosts will be
that the Lord God of hosts will be gracious to the remnant of Joseph
gracious to the remnant of Joseph
gracious to the remnant of Joseph therefore the Lord God of hosts the Lord
therefore the Lord God of hosts the Lord
therefore the Lord God of hosts the Lord says this there shall be wailing in all
says this there shall be wailing in all
says this there shall be wailing in all streets and they shall say in all the
streets and they shall say in all the
streets and they shall say in all the highway
highway
highway unless they shall call the farmer to
unless they shall call the farmer to
unless they shall call the farmer to morning and skillful lament as to
morning and skillful lament as to
morning and skillful lament as to wailing in all vineyards there shall be
wailing in all vineyards there shall be
wailing in all vineyards there shall be wailing for I will pass through you woe
wailing for I will pass through you woe
wailing for I will pass through you woe to you who desire the day of the Lord
to you who desire the day of the Lord
to you who desire the day of the Lord for what good is the day of the Lord to
for what good is the day of the Lord to
for what good is the day of the Lord to you it will be darkness and not light it
you it will be darkness and not light it
you it will be darkness and not light it will be as though a man fled from a lion
will be as though a man fled from a lion
will be as though a man fled from a lion and a bear metal or as though he went
and a bear metal or as though he went
and a bear metal or as though he went into the house leaned his hand on the
into the house leaned his hand on the
into the house leaned his hand on the wall and a serpent bit him is not the
wall and a serpent bit him is not the
wall and a serpent bit him is not the day of the Lord
day of the Lord
day of the Lord darkness and not light is it not very
darkness and not light is it not very
darkness and not light is it not very done with no brightness in it I hate I
done with no brightness in it I hate I
done with no brightness in it I hate I despise your feast days and I do not
despise your feast days and I do not
despise your feast days and I do not savor your sacred assemblies though you
savor your sacred assemblies though you
savor your sacred assemblies though you offer me burnt offerings and your grain
offer me burnt offerings and your grain
offer me burnt offerings and your grain offerings I will not accept them nor
offerings I will not accept them nor
offerings I will not accept them nor will I regard your fattened peace
will I regard your fattened peace
will I regard your fattened peace offerings take away from me the noise of
offerings take away from me the noise of
offerings take away from me the noise of your songs for I will not hear the
your songs for I will not hear the
your songs for I will not hear the melody of your string instruments but
melody of your string instruments but
melody of your string instruments but let justice run down like water and
let justice run down like water and
let justice run down like water and righteousness like a mighty stream
righteousness like a mighty stream
righteousness like a mighty stream did you offer me sacrifices and
did you offer me sacrifices and
did you offer me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness 40 years o
offerings in the wilderness 40 years o
offerings in the wilderness 40 years o house of Israel you also carried sick
house of Israel you also carried sick
house of Israel you also carried sick earth your king and kaien your idols the
earth your king and kaien your idols the
earth your king and kaien your idols the star of your gods which you made for
star of your gods which you made for
star of your gods which you made for selves therefore I will send you into
selves therefore I will send you into
selves therefore I will send you into captivity beyond Damascus says the Lord
captivity beyond Damascus says the Lord
captivity beyond Damascus says the Lord whose name it says the Lord whose name
whose name it says the Lord whose name
whose name it says the Lord whose name is the God of hosts